so they used to make these Tiger
electronic handheld games and I
mentioned in my last video that I got
these at the thrift store and I wanted
to take a closer look let's do the
rounds here we have tiger electronic
baseball
we have paperboy and sub horse now these
her for you younger kids this is the
game that's loaded is is what you have
this is you know a one-trick pony here
so let's start with baseball because I
think baseball is the oldest probably
the most primitive of the lot that's not
too bad I think it's about as good as
we're gonna get so the way this works is
each one of these games have a few
buttons across the bottom which are
basically your complete controls and you
can see here we have the it's basically
on on the right and off on the left and
in the middle these little notes it was
very important to have this it would
turn off the sound because the sound and
these things was the equivalent of an
early PC speaker and a lot of parents
couldn't put up with it so let's see
what it looks like
lower left player and level you could
make it some of these games you could
make a little bit harder I didn't have
baseball and I was a kid so I don't
remember much about it let's go ahead
and hit start oh yeah listen to that the
way it goes and this is baseball and I'm
doing this with two buttons I have a Run
button and I have a swing button I love
how these guys can run from first to
second before the ball and release the
infield there we go go a little baseball
man go now let's take a look at paper
boy paper boy would appear to have come
out a little bit later because you can
see we're up to we have a d-pad now and
two buttons on the right whereas here we
just have the two
clearly the design has gotten a little
more sophisticated so we look here on
the bottom we now have the off the same
old sound button and this is the report
button okay
I just got played this anything for the
first time a few minutes ago which ones
there we go
and I have yet to really figure it out
so let's let's give it a go oh yeah
listen to that and then he goes go a
little paperboy you can go to the right
go with the cars oops hit by car
I broke the garage door I guess oh yeah
I guess that qualifies as hitting the
house you know I'm I wasn't a huge it
again game over he's crying look at that
he's so sad
I want you to take your earphones turn
them all the way up and listen to that
grating sound if you do that you get a
tiger claw TV gold star I haven't been
able to make one delivery
let's hit the report button see if that
does anything oh I guess it doesn't I
don't know I guess you're supposed to
look for the garage door a mailbox see
this that one is a mailbox that's how
you differentiate the ones that are
actually supposed to have deliveries
does that picture look a little better
trying to shoot us that you don't see
the camera because I think the cameras a
little distracting in the reflection so
there it is so that's paperboy we're
gonna call that it we will turn it off
and then they come to Tiger Electronics
sub wars ah this has been my favorite of
the bunch let's take a look at the
condition you can see the
the screen is pushed in a little bit in
the background and if you open one of
these up I mean as you probably guess
the background is just drawn or printed
rather on a little screen a little piece
of paper and each one of these have one
that's kind of a trademark thing of
Tiger electronic games and that screen
happens to be pushed in here and I don't
know how you would accomplish something
like that since if you look at the
screen this doesn't look like it's been
opened nor do I care but down here we
have the this one this is the one I've
played the most out of the three our
option button here has been different on
every game of us thus far is is the
repair button which we can use in the
middle of the game to exchange energy
for to repair some sub damage now here
we have this little search grid shows us
basically a mini map of where we can
find enemy subs and away we go all right
we see dots on the mini-map there we go
shoot those subs no we got away you can
see in the lower right there is a
there's a drawing of a Sud which
represents the damaged monitor certain
parts of that will flash as my sub takes
damage and I'm not sure what actually
causes the damage see there you go we
have some front-end damage now gonna hit
the repair key energy went down a little
bit and now that she was fine so I'm not
sure what assigns the damage per se I
think it might be random but yeah I
think this is the most functional of the
three games
and that's it I think that's about all I
can take
so those are Tiger electronic handheld
games there are a few of them and they
they changed over the years how they
were doing them the ones I remember
their most this shape here there was a
blue one like this that was pinball and
that was the first ever instance of
pinball I ever played in my life that
one I would like to own again however
these three I don't see owning these
long-term I wanted to make this video
give him a quick test spin you know what
are they ready to go back out in the
wild I think I'll put them up on eBay
and get it back in the hands of a yeah
I'm a collector somewhere there was one
that they made which I believe was
called a tiger electronic sticks and it
was a handheld game that was made in a
circular about this long kind of well it
was a stick I guess it was supposed to
be like a pen like about that thick or
so maybe and I wouldn't mind having one
of those again those retail for about 20
bucks on good old eBay so I might get
one of those and keep it however these
don't need to keep him they were they
were a great find at the thrift store
and I did so enjoy this trip down memory
lane but I mean one more time for the
record listen to that all right guys
this is a critical failure photography
TV thanks for watching